---
title: "v3"
description: >
  This document describes API version 3
---

{{% alert title="Unstable" color="warning" %}}
API v3 is not yet finalized. The specification will be final when the first backend version with an API v3 endpoint is published.
{{% /alert %}}

## General

This describes general behavior of all API endpoints

- All API responses either have an empty body (only for HTTP 204 responses) or the body consists of only JSON. (unchanged from v1, v2)
- All attributes for a resource are always contained in the objects that the API returns. (unchanged from v1, v2)
- The `error` property is either a string or `null`. Each non-204 API response always contains an `error` property (**changed from v1, v2**)
- The `data` property is either an array of objects for collection endpoints or a single object for resource endpoints. (unchanged from v2)
- `POST` endpoints take a array of objects to be created. The response will also be a list of objects, where every object has a `data` and an `error` property. If an error ocurred, `error` will contain an error message. If no error occurs, `error` is `null` and `data` contains the created resource. (unchanged from v2)
- `PATCH` endpoints and `GET` resource endpoints return an object with an `error` and a `data` property. If an error ocurred, the `error` property contains a human readable error message intended for the end user. If no error occurs, `error` is null and `data` contains the resource (**changed from v2**)
- `GET` collection endpoints return an object with an `error` and a `data` property. If an error ocurred, the `error` property contains a human readable error message intended for the end user. If no error occurs, `error` is null and `data` contains an array of objects where each object is a resource (**changed from v2**)

## JSON Schemas

This is a full list of all JSON schemas for the response bodies.

{{< directoryindex path="/static/schemas/v3" pathURL="/schemas/v3" >}}
